fix: more CIQUAL matches and translations (#9538)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: taxonomies/ingredients.txt

# 1553 in 20 @2021-09-15

#processing:en: en:fillet
<en:sardine
en:sardine fillets
de:Sardinenfilets
fi:sardiinifilee
fr:filets de sardines
it:filetti di sardine
nl:sardinefilets
sk:filety sardiniek
# 142 in 5 languages @2021-09-21

> # We disabled it because we can catch it in processing, but as a result, it does not inherit the CIQUAL property of sardines

Author: ```suggestion
# We disabled it because we thought we could catch it in processing, but as a result, it does not inherit the CIQUAL property of sardines
```
